<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html 
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<h:head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>ABC Parking System</title>

    <!-- Backend-aware resource loading -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="#{resource['css/footer.css']}" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="#{resource['css/header.css']}" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="#{resource['css/aboutus.css']}" type="text/css" />
    
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.4.0/css/all.min.css" />
    
    <!-- Inline CSS for this page -->
    <style type="text/css">
        .terms-container {
            max-width: 800px;
            margin: 40px auto;
            padding: 20px;
            line-height: 1.6;
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            background: #fff;
            border: 1px solid #ddd;
            border-radius: 8px;
        }

        .terms-container h1 {
            font-size: 2em;
            margin-bottom: 15px;
            color: #222;
        }

        .terms-container h2 {
            margin-top: 20px;
            color: #333;
        }

        .terms-container p {
            margin-bottom: 10px;
            color: #444;
        }
    </style>
</h:head>

<h:body>

    <!-- HEADER -->
    <div class="main-header">
        <div class="header-container">
            <div class="logo">
             <a href="index2.xhtml">
                <h:graphicImage library="images" name="ABC_logo.png" alt="ABC Parking Logo" />
                </a>
            </div>
            <nav>
                <ul>
                    <li><a href="index2.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                    <li><a href="cities.xhtml">Parking</a></li>
                    <li><a href="products.xhtml">Products</a></li>
                    <li><a href="aboutus.xhtml">About Us</a></li>
                    <li><a href="reg.xhtml"><i class="fa-solid fa-user"></i> Login</a></li>
                </ul>
            </nav>
        </div>
    </div>
<body>
    <div class="terms-container">
    <h1>Terms and Conditions</h1>
    <p>Welcome to ABC Parking. These Terms and Conditions govern your use of our website (www.abcparking.com) and services. By accessing or using ABC Parking, you agree to comply with these Terms.</p>
    
    <h2>1. Acceptance of Terms</h2>
    <p>By visiting or using this website, you acknowledge and accept these Terms. If you do not agree, please discontinue use of ABC Parking immediately.</p>
    
    <h2>2. Updates to Terms</h2>
    <p>We may revise these Terms from time to time as our services evolve. Any changes will be communicated through our website, email notifications, or other appropriate means.</p>
    
    <h2>3. Privacy</h2>
    <p>Your privacy matters to us. Our Privacy Policy forms part of these Terms and explains how your data is collected, used, and shared. By using ABC Parking, you consent to our handling of your information as described in the Privacy Policy.</p>
    
    <h2>4. Permitted Use</h2>
    <p>You agree to use ABC Parking only for lawful purposes, including booking parking spaces, managing your account, and updating your personal or payment information. Misuse of our services is strictly prohibited.</p>
    
    <h2>5. Account Responsibility</h2>
    <p>You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and any activities under your account. We strongly recommend using strong passwords. ABC Parking is not liable for any losses resulting from unauthorized account access caused by your negligence.</p>
    
    <h2>6. Intellectual Property</h2>
    <p>All content on ABC Parking—including text, graphics, logos, images, and software—is owned by ABC Parking and protected by intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, modify, distribute, or publicly display any of our content without prior written consent.</p>
    
    <h2>7. User-Generated Content</h2>
    <p>If you upload content (such as comments or vehicle photos), you grant ABC Parking a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license (with the right to sublicense) to use, adapt, reproduce, publish, and distribute that content in any media or format.</p>
    
    <h2>8. Termination</h2>
    <p>We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to our services at any time, without prior notice, if you violate these Terms. Certain provisions, such as ownership rights, disclaimers, indemnities, and limitations of liability, will survive termination.</p>
    
    <h2>9. Governing Law</h2>
    <p>These Terms are governed by the laws of the jurisdiction where ABC Parking is headquartered, without regard to conflict of law principles.</p>
    
    <h2>10. Contact Information</h2>
    <p>If you have questions or concerns about these Terms, please contact us at <a href="mailto:support@abcparking.com">support@abcparking.com</a>. We’re happy to assist you.</p>
  </div>
        
</body>
    <!-- PAYMENT METHODS -->
    <div class="footer-payment-methods" style="background:#fff; border-top:1px solid #ccc; padding:15px 20px;">
        <div style="display:flex; align-items:center; justify-content:center; gap:10px;">
            <span style="font-weight:bold; color:#000;">Online Payment Methods</span>
            <a href="https://www.paypal.com" target="_blank" style="display:inline-block;">
                <h:graphicImage library="images" name="PayPal-Logo.png" alt="PayPal" style="max-height:30px; width:auto; display:block;" />
            </a>
        </div>
    </div>
    <!-- FOOTER -->
    <div class="footer">
        <div class="footer-container">
            <div class="footer-section about">
                <h3>About Us</h3>
                <p>We provide top-quality parking solutions with easy booking and secure facilities in multiple cities.</p>
            </div>

            <div class="footer-section quick-links">
                <h3>Quick Links</h3>
              <ul>
                    <li><a href="Terms.xhtml">Terms &amp; Conditions</a></li>
                    <li><a href="index2.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                    <li><a href="index2.xhtml">Find Parking</a></li>
                    <li><a href="index2.xhtml">Pre-book</a></li>
                    <li><a href="cities.xhtml">Popular Cities</a></li>
                </ul>
            </div>

            <div class="footer-section contact">
                <h3>Contact</h3>
                <p>Email: <a href="mailto:info@example.com">support@abcparking.com</a></p>
                <p>Phone: +123 456 789</p>
                <p>Address: Main Street, Dublin</p>
            </div>
        </div>

        <div class="footer-bottom">
            <p>© 2025 ABC Parking System. All Rights Reserved.</p>
        </div>
    </div>
    </h:body>
</html>